--- BusinessAnalyst_CoverLetter_NguyenToanThang.pdf ---
NGUYEN TOAN THANG
toanthang.forwork@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/toanthang045/| 0707.548.574
May 06th, 2025
Ms. Huyen Nguyen
BUSINESS ANALYST INTERN
MOMO (M_SERVICE)
Phu My Hung Building, No. 8 Hoang Van Thai, Tan Phu Ward, District 7, Ho Chi Minh City
Dear Ms. Huyen Nguyen:
I am writing to express my strong interest in the Business Analyst Intern position at MoMo.
As a Software Engineering student at Van Lang University, I am passionate about leveraging
technology to solve real-world problems, and I am particularly drawn to MoMo's mission of
providing innovative financial services through a super app. I believe my technical skills and
commitment to understanding user needs make me a strong candidate for this role.
During my internship at Palexy, I gained invaluable experience conducting market, financial,
and organizational assessments to evaluate partnership feasibility for AI-driven solutions tailored
to the retail market. I supported the Head of Commercial in follow-up meetings and provided
ongoing client support, ensuring alignment between business objectives and technical
requirements.
Throughout my academic journey, I have developed a robust set of technical skills directly
applicable to the Business Analyst role. I have gained experience drafting comprehensive
Business Requirements Document (BRD), Software Requirements Specification (SRS).
My ability to create these documents accurately and efficiently will help MoMo maintain high
standards of clarity and precision in its development projects.I am currently pursuing UX design to deepen my understanding of end-user behavior.
This pursuit is complemented by my recent certifications in Business Analysis Foundations
(Business Process Modeling, Requirement Elicitation). Together, these skills enable me to
approach business analysis with a comprehensive perspective, ensuring that the solutions I help
develop align with both business objectives and user needs.
I am confident that my passion for business analysis, coupled with my strong communication
and problem-solving abilities, would make me a valuable asset to your team. I am eager to
learn and grow within your organization and contribute to achieving Lotte Innovate’s goals.
Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the opportunity to discuss how my
skills and experiences align with MoMo’s vision.
Warm regards,
NGUYEN TOAN THANG
--- NguyenToanThang_BusinessAnalyst_Intern.pdf ---
Nguyen Toan Thang
toanthang.forwork@gmail.com
0707 548 574 District 7, HCMC
Business analyst intern
Seeking a Business Analyst internship to apply knowledge of SDLC and software requirement analysis to
uncover insights, optimize workflows, and support strategic decision-making through data-driven analysis.
work experience
Account Executive Intern
Palexy Jan 2025 – March 2025 Reference Check: huyen@palexy.com
Supported 6 research projects covering market trends, financials, and organizational assessments to
support strategic decisions.
Translated business objectives into production-ready CCTV analytics system requirements, enhancing
partner alignment and system performance.

Led client-focused initiatives and collaborated with the Head of Commercial on follow-ups and post-meeting
execution, resulting in partnerships with 3 additional companies.
Scratch & Game Development Instructor
MindX Technology School June 2023 – August 2024
Led interactive Scratch, Game programming sessions for the juniors, increased overall student engagement
by 40%. Improved student punctuality and motivation. Total teaching sessions: 70 sessions.
English Instructor
Movers and Flyers English Class July 2023 – March 2024
Followed instructional techniques and delivered 26 tailored English lessons, helping student improves their
literacy and communication skills. Total teaching sessions: 52 sessions.
personal projects
FutureLens Github Link UniConnect Github Link
Role: Full-Stack Developer Team size: 04 Role: Project Manager Team size: 03
Tech Stack: Flutter Tech Stack: React
Built FutureLens, a Flutter app using Decision Tree Developed a React-based event platform for
Regressor to predict student outcomes, featuring university use, enabling student registration and
intuitive UI and clear documentation of tech, model faculty event management, with Scrum-based
training, and screen purposes. delivery and a lightweight JSON backend.
EDUCATION
Bachelor Degree of Software Engineering Van Lang University GPA: 3.08/ 4 2021-2025
Certificates
Design User Experiences with Figma MOS - Associate 365 Apps (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Currently pursuing (expected late May 2025) September 2024
Business Process Modeling & Requirement Elicitation IBM Data Analyst Certification
March 2025 August 2024 - Grade Achieved: 88.6%
